Adding suggestion of monthly update (VS code like) (#434)
qlik-oss/core-website: docs/updates.md

# Updates

## October 2018

A little bit more than a month has passed since Qlik Core went from beta to a live product. During this month we have
focused on adding tools to support experienced and new developers in their journey to start working with Qlik Core.

### corectl

First versions of [corectl](https://github.com/qlik-oss/corectl) was released initial bug fixing, documentation and

> usability enhancements. The tool's aim is to act as a command line interface to the Qlik engine and can be used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usability enhancements. The goal is to deliver a command line interface (CLI) for the Qlik Associative Engine that can be used to
```

> querying and interacting with the engine instance, its apps and their data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interact with your apps, objects, and data.
```

![screenshot](./images/corectl.png)

> Main use case are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main use cases are:
```

* View: List applications, view and query data within and evaluate expressions
* Develop: Create, update and model a Qlik application

> * Script: Automate certain tasks like schedule a reload of an application

Reviewer: I don't think this is true, corectl doesn't allow you to schedule anything

Author: True.. It should be *allow for automation* e.g. using cron.

After initial feedback we also added support for:

* [generic objects](https://github.com/qlik-oss/corectl/issues/63)
* [json output](https://github.com/qlik-oss/corectl/issues/74)

[Full change log](https://github.com/qlik-oss/corectl/releases)

> ### catwalk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Introducing catwalk
```

Author: Thank you for all suggestions @peol !

> Next step after addressing the load and view use case we looked into data modelling and created the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next step after addressing the load and view use cases we looked into data modelling and created the
```

> [catwalk](https://github.com/qlik-oss/catwalk) project. After the users has created an initial load script they quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[catwalk](https://github.com/qlik-oss/catwalk) project. When you have created an initial load script you quickly
```

> end up in the data modelling problem space and need to find out how the data is associated and how selections impacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
end up in the data modelling problem space and might need to help to find out how the data is associated and how interactions with the data impacts
```

> the model. After creating two prototypes we ended up with a combined view where we focus tables fields and their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the model. After creating two prototypes we ended up with a combined view where we focus on fields and their
```

> relations. The project is in its early phases and we are experimenting with how we should provide an as good user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relation from a table point of view. The project is in its early stages and we are experimenting with how we should provide the best user
```

> experience as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experience.
```

> As most of our work the code is open and resides in github, you can follow the project from our initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most of our work the code is open source and is hosted on GitHub, you can follow the project from our initial
```

> [prototypes](https://github.com/qlik-oss/catwalk/tree/prototype2) to the current version on the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[prototypes](https://github.com/qlik-oss/catwalk/tree/prototype2) to the current version on the master branch.
```

![screenshot](https://github.com/qlik-oss/catwalk/raw/master/screenshot.png)

> ### mira

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mira released
```

> MIRA reached version 1.0 with a major change to not require a sidecar management component to talk to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In combination with the Qlik Core launch we released the first major version of Mira which no longer require a sidecar management component to talk to the
```

> [kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) APIS to request deployment data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) APIs to request deployment data.
```
